REGR: fix bug in DatetimeIndex slicing with irregular or unsorted indices (#37023)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.1.4.rst

- Fixed regression in :class:`RollingGroupby` causing a segmentation fault with Index of dtype object (:issue:`36727`)
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.resample(...).apply(...)` raised ``AttributeError`` when input was a :class:`DataFrame` and only a :class:`Series` was evaluated (:issue:`36951`)
- Fixed regression in :class:`PeriodDtype` comparing both equal and unequal to its string representation (:issue:`37265`)

> - Fixed regression where slicing :class:`DatetimeIndex` failed on irregular time series with ``pd.NaT`` or on unsorted indices (:issue:`36953` and :issue:`35509`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression where slicing :class:`DatetimeIndex` raised :exc:`AssertionError` on irregular time series with ``pd.NaT`` or on unsorted indices (:issue:`36953` and :issue:`35509`)
```
